CATALOG.md: build command library (fix #1166) (#1178)
nativefier/nativefier: CATALOG.md

> # Build Commands Library

Reviewer: Let's keep consistent naming between filename and title. "Catalog" everywhere or "Library" everywhere or "Example" everywhere. All are fine by me, your choice

> Below you'll find a list of build commands contributed from the nativefier community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you'll find a list of build commands contributed by the Nativefier community. They are here as examples, and to help you nativefy "complicated" apps that ask a bit of elbow grease to work.
```

> If you'd like to add to this catalog, please keep the following in mind:
> 
> Library commands should be the strict necessary to make an app work. So, for example,

Reviewer: Compacting these two things into a single point, and adding a point asking to not add trivial sites.

```suggestion
- Only add sites that require something special! No need to document here that `simplesite.com` works with a simple `nativefier simplesite.com` 🙂
- If you'd like to add to this catalog, please add commands with the *strict necessary* to make an app work. So, for example,
```

- Yes to have `--widevine` in Udemy. Yes to `--internal-urls` and `--browserwindow-options` for Outlook Web. Yes to a name and icon for both...
- ... but let's not have all the other flags that are a matter of personal preference (e.g. `--disable-dev-tools` or `--disk-cache-size`).

* * *

## Outlook Web

> ### Windows Command

Reviewer: I wouldn't keep these headings, they add repeated noise, and consume vertical space. Just the example in triple backticks and a list of notes is enough.

```
nativefier https://outlook.office.com/mail 

> --name OutlookWA 

Reviewer 2: I think for these I'd leave `--name` off and either let it be inferred, or allow the user to decide, since this won't change the app behavior in any way.

Author: Makes sense... I will remove!!

> --internal-urls ".*?(outlook.live.com|outlook.office365.com|outlook.office.com|login.microsoftonline.com).*?" 

Reviewer 2: I'd say that `login.microsoftonline.com` should be removed here, and probably just added to the internal login page list, but that could probably be covered in a separate PR.

Author: I will remove... not sure I know what the internal login page list is tho...

Reviewer 2: It's in app/src/helpers/helpers.ts (and there are tests in app/src/helpers/helpers.test.ts

Again, we can handle this in a separate PR.

--file-download-options "{\"saveAs\": true}" 
--browserwindow-options "{ \"webPreferences\": { \"webviewTag\": true, \"nodeIntegration\": true, \"nodeIntegrationInSubFrames\": true, \"nativeWindowOpen\": true } }"
```

### Notes

`--browserwindow-options` -- This is needed in order to allow the window to pop out when creating/editing an email.

## Udemy

### Windows Command
```
nativefier https://www.udemy.com/ 

> --name Udemy 

Reviewer 2: Same as above regarding `name`

Author: will remove here as well...
